[Applause]
[Music]
two young girls
lane and debbie are sitting in lane's
room playing with a ouija board
debbie tells lane how to play and how to
use the planchette to see any spirits
they say the words as friends we
gathered hearts are true
spirits near we call to you lane looks
through the planchette to spot a spirit
and is frightened when she sees someone
but it's only her younger sister sarah
she yells at sarah to leave in the
present day
debbie is playing with the ouija board
by herself
she appears distressed and she tosses
the board and planchette into the
furnace
she then speaks on the phone with lane
lane goes over to her house
and debbie says she is not up to hanging
out with her and their friends that
night
debbie mentions playing the ouija board
and feeling odd
though lane dismisses this as her being
a spaz
after lane leaves debbie goes back
upstairs and sees the ouija board and
planchette on her bed
she looks through the planchette and her
eyes turn white
debbie then grabs some christmas lights
and hangs herself
the next morning lane is with her
boyfriend trevor at a restaurant
they are met by their waitress friend
isabelle lane gets a text from her dad
saying to go home immediately
when she gets there lane finds her dad
her grandmother
and sarah gathered to inform her of what
happened to debbie
all of debbie's loved ones gather for
the wake lane is too shaken to be there
but she holds it together debbie's
boyfriend
pete arrives with some flowers lane goes
into debbie's room where debbie's mother
finds her
lane breaks down and hugs her she asks
lane to house it for them
while they are gone and lane agrees lane
discovers the ouija board that debbie
was playing with
since she cannot shake the feeling that
debbie's presence is still in the house
she gathers sarah trevor pete and
isabelle to debbie's house to play with
the board
they get together and say the words as
friends we gathered
hearts are true spirits near we call to
you as they put their hands together on
the planchette
it starts to move which everyone thinks
of sarah moving it
the spirit implies that it is debbie and
it spells out
hi friend on the board the friends asks
few more questions and asked who is it
the planchette moves to the word d lane
realizes it's debbie
the game ends when the planchette moves
to goodbye
and the lights blows off each friend is
followed by the spirit trevor encounters
it on a bike ride
leading him under a bridge where he sees
hi friend written on the wall in chalk
isabel sees it spelled out in her car
window along with a hand slamming
against it
pete sees it carved in his desk lane and
sarah sees it on her computer screen
thinking that debbie is trying to
communicate with them the friends get
together to play the board again
they learn that the spirit is not debbie
but someone that identifies as dz
lane looks through the planchette and
sees a little girl with stitches on her
mouth
the spirit then spells out on the board
run she's coming
lane asks who is coming and the spirit
spells mother
lane looks through the planchette and
sees the girl point to an older female
spirit screaming and running in her
direction
next day it was all okay until the night
isabelle is flossing her teeth and
drawing herself a bath
she then has stitches form on her mouth
and she is levitated in the air
the spirit drops her leaving her to slam
her head against the sink
killing her trevor is angry at lane
because she made them play the game
which led to isabelle's death lane and
pete investigates debbie's house and
finds some pictures of two little girls
and their mother
pete looks up on the internet an article
on a missing girl from the same address
as debbie's home
as well as the girl's sister being taken
into custody after murdering her mother
lane goes to a mental asylum to meet
paulina xander
the sister of doris the girl with the
stitches on her mouth
she tells lane that their mother
believed she heard voices and saw
spirits
that were trying to communicate through
doris so she sewed her mouth shut
but there was pretending to more awkward
with the time
and one day she killed doris and there
was no choice left for me
paulina asks lane to find doris's body
in the house and to cut the stitches
open
then the doris will able to keep her
mother out of them
but mother will however try to stop you
all friends goes to the house
while everyone looking for the place
lane notices one more shadow with trevor
and before trevor realizes
the spirit drags him out lane finds
doris's corpse in debbie's home
with her mouth still sewed shut she
begins to cut the stitches open
but mother growls from behind and was
about to attack her
but she cuts out the stitches making
doris lets out a blood-curdling scream
and vanishes mother spirit
all begins to normal and seems that
everything is over
pete get home and finds debbie in his
room soon she gets converted to doris
and killed and killed him
lane returns to the asylum to tell
paulina that she did what she told her
but her mother was back again paulina
chuckles and lane realizes that mother
was not evil
but it was doris and paulina that were
communicating with spirits and their
mother was just trying to stop them
lane's grandmother tells lane and sarah
that the only way to defeat the spirit
is the destroy not only the ouija board
but also the doris's corpse
lane calls trevor to debbie's house to
finish this
trevor gets there and was called by
sarah he follows her to the pool but
there was no one since then he was
pulled into the pool and is killed by
doris
lane and sarah finds doris's corpse and
sarah gets dragged by by her spirit
doris was just about to sew sarah mouth
but then lane gets out the ouija board
and beckons doris to play with her
doris grabs lane's arm and almost kills
her until debbie's spirit shows up to
intervene
sarah brings doris's corpse and throws
it into the furnace
lane throws the ouija board and
planchette and doris's spirit gets
destroyed
lane and sarah return home relieved that
everything is over
lane flosses her teeth and gets ready
for bed and then finds the planchette on
her desk
she picks it up and looks through it one
more time
you